README.md, before:

This is a sample Cosmos App. The main feature of this app is to show how to add Asset.

## Features
By default, an asset list will be shown. Click the "Add Asset" button to add a new asset. New added assets will be shown in the list.

Click the "Deposit" button to show the deposit form.

Note: This app is just a sample. All data like chains, assets are fake data and pre-defined in code.

## Getting Started

First, install the packages and run the development server:

```bash
yarn && yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## Major code
- asset folder: contains the code for the asset list and deposit form.
- mobx folder: contains the code for the MobX state management library.

## Related

Checkout these related projects:

* [@cosmology/telescope](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/telescope) Your Frontend Companion for Building with TypeScript with Cosmos SDK Modules.
* [@cosmwasm/ts-codegen](https://github.com/CosmWasm/ts-codegen) Convert your CosmWasm smart contracts into dev-friendly TypeScript classes.
* [chain-registry](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/chain-registry) Everything from token symbols, logos, and IBC denominations for all assets you want to support in your application.
* [cosmos-kit](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/cosmos-kit) Experience the convenience of connecting with a variety of web3 wallets through a single, streamlined interface.
* [create-cosmos-app](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/create-cosmos-app) Set up a modern Cosmos app by running one command.
* [interchain-ui](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/interchain-ui) The Interchain Design System, empowering developers with a flexible, easy-to-use UI kit.
* [starship](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/starship) Unified Testing and Development for the Interchain.

## Credits

🛠 Built by Cosmology — if you like our tools, please consider delegating to [our validator ⚛️](https://cosmology.zone/validator)


## Disclaimer

AS DESCRIBED IN THE LICENSES, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.

No developer or entity involved in creating this software will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of the code, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value.

Commit message:

Add support for multiple data source

README.md, after:

This is a sample Cosmos App. The main feature of this app is to show how to add Asset.

## Features
By default, an asset list will be shown. Click the "Add Asset" button to add a new asset. New added assets will be shown in the list.

Click the "Deposit" button to show the deposit form.

Note: This app is just a sample. All data like chains, assets are fake data and pre-defined in code.

## Getting Started

First, install the packages and run the development server:

```bash
yarn && yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## Major code
- asset folder: contains the code for the asset list and deposit form.
- mobx folder: contains the code for the MobX state management library.

To change data source, change the dataSourceProvider property in config/defaults.ts like this:
export const dataSourceProvider = 'chain-registry';

To add a new data source, need to do:
- create a new file in mbox folder and implement the DataSourceAdapter interface.
- Modify loadDataSource method in mobx/DataSourceConfigManager.ts to add the new data source.
- Modify the dataSourceProvider property in config/defaults.ts to use the new data source.

## Related

Checkout these related projects:

* [@cosmology/telescope](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/telescope) Your Frontend Companion for Building with TypeScript with Cosmos SDK Modules.
* [@cosmwasm/ts-codegen](https://github.com/CosmWasm/ts-codegen) Convert your CosmWasm smart contracts into dev-friendly TypeScript classes.
* [chain-registry](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/chain-registry) Everything from token symbols, logos, and IBC denominations for all assets you want to support in your application.
* [cosmos-kit](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/cosmos-kit) Experience the convenience of connecting with a variety of web3 wallets through a single, streamlined interface.
* [create-cosmos-app](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/create-cosmos-app) Set up a modern Cosmos app by running one command.
* [interchain-ui](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/interchain-ui) The Interchain Design System, empowering developers with a flexible, easy-to-use UI kit.
* [starship](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/starship) Unified Testing and Development for the Interchain.

## Credits

🛠 Built by Cosmology — if you like our tools, please consider delegating to [our validator ⚛️](https://cosmology.zone/validator)


## Disclaimer

AS DESCRIBED IN THE LICENSES, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.

No developer or entity involved in creating this software will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of the code, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value.
